{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11080\viewh12400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Hva\'f0 ertu a\'f0 gera?\
Hva\'f0 ger\'f0ist?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 Er \'ed lagi me\'f0 \'feig?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 \'de\'fa hl\'fdtur a\'f0 hafa veri\'f0 \'fearna lengi.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 \'d6nnur manneskja hefur komi\'f0 vi\'f0 s\'f6gu h\'e9r. Eitthva\'f0 kom fyrir.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 \'dea\'f0 er saga \'e1 bakvi\'f0 \'feig.\
T\'edminn hefur sta\'f0na\'f0 og liggur ofan \'e1 \'fe\'e9r.\
\'de\'fa liggur undir t\'edmanum og hann andar r\'f3lega \'ed takt vi\'f0 \'feig.\
\
\'de\'fa og t\'edminn. T\'edminn og \'fe\'fa.\
\ulnone \
hva\'f0 me\'f0 mig. Er \'e9g fastur \'ed sama t\'edma. \'c9g og t\'edminn. T\'edminn og \'fe\'fa. \'c9g og \'fe\'fa?\
\
Hvernig l\'ed\'f0ur \'fe\'e9r? \'c1 \'e9g a\'f0 gera eitthva\'f0. Viltu a\'f0 \'e9g hj\'e1lpi \'fe\'e9r? Fyrirgef\'f0u. \'c9g veit ekki hva\'f0 \'e9g \'e1 a\'f0 gera.  Viltu vera svona? \
\'c9g hef\'f0i \'e1tt a\'f0 koma fyrr. Fyrirgef\'f0u.\
\
\
--------------------\
minn texti \'e1 ensku: \
\
\
\ul DTMFS\
Dual-toile Multi frequent signalling\
\
What are you doing?\
What happened?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 Are you ok?\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 You must have been there for long.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 Another person has been involved. Something happened.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 There's a story behind you.\
Time has come to a halt and is lying on top of you.\
You're lying there beneath time and it is breathing slowly with you.\
\
You and time. Time and you.\
\ulnone \
What about me? Am I stuck in the same time? Me and time. Time and you. Me and you?\
\
How are you feeling? Should I do something? Do you want me to help you? Forgive me. I don't know what to do. Do you want to be like this?\
I should have come earlier. I'm sorry.\
\
\
------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Sarah's text:\
\
\
\
Is she breathing? \
I can't tell if she's breathing.\
Is she breathing?\
The left hand is on the floor.\
The right hand is elevated on the sofa, parallel to the shoulder around 5 cm from the edge.\
The palm is facing upwards.\
\
The left leg is bent at an angle of about 90 degrees.\
Did I hear her breathing?\
The right knee is extended at angle of 10 degrees resting on the horizontal plane.\
I can't see the face. Her face is facing away.\
I think I can see her breathing.\
The right index finger is pointing towards the phone which is off the hook.\
The phone is removed at a distance of 20 centimeters. \
\
It appears that the subject collapsed whilst in the process of reaching for the receiver.\
I should feel her pulse.\
\
}